# Proj_Readme

## Self-Assesment
My role was to create the data visualization portion of this project. I used tableu and github for most of my work. I also conducted the slides during the project. Rosies role in the project was to handle the Github and she also created the slides for the presentation, but she also helped me and Christian if needed. Christian was the one who handled the data cleaning aspect of the project, we all decided to use the supervised learning machine. We all did the research for the topic of the project and all decided on the one we got from Kaggle.
We were all connected through a group chat, this is mostly how we kept in touch. But we also used a group chat on slack to share our work or discuss the project over the week or weekend.
Overall as a group we helped eachother out if needed, Rosie helped me a couple times with Tableau as she has more experience using the software, Rosie helped Christian a lot with the coding and I helped out with the database. In my opinion I believe the biggest challenge we faced was figuiring out the PGADMIN database. Unfortunatley, we were unsuccessful as the TA's believe the dataset was locked. We took every route possible from working with terminal, jupyter, VS Studio code and used the import method and the copy method on PGADMIN. And I believe Christians challenge was figuring out what data was good to use and which one was not. This is the reason why we had so many bloopers because we decided to take all these different routes on which data to use was accurate. The way we resolved the bloopers issue was to see which data came out with the best accuracy score which is why we used US vs Jamaica and US vs UK.
I believe our biggest strengths as a team was our communication, we all made compromises to meet at a certain time and who would handle what aspect of the project. I think the best tip to give someone kicking off the project would be to establish the best communication method for everyone and a great time to meet. Then establish who will be doing what and always be open to helping eachother out and meeting a little more than usual.

For this project I collaborated in a group of three and took on different roles of the project. My role was to creat graphs using our dataset and make our results from the dataset look more visually appealing and better to understand. Overall we all helped eachother with the coding, dataset, jupyter, and Tableau. The machine learning model we used was Supervised, we knew somewhat what results we wanted to get and overall it worked very well with the dataset and our hypothesis. The dataset we used was on Suicide rates, it had the results from many countries ranging from many different years. The results answered our intial questions, 34-54 year olds, men, and first world countries are more suceptible to suicide.

https://github.com/RosieMina/Final_project.git


